In this experiment, participants will perform an nested 1-back letter matching task to spell out the word TABLET. One block of letters (trials) has the following structure: The task begins with a primary phase which is interrupted by a secondary phase, at which point participants will both remember their place in the primary phase as well as perform the secondary phase. After a few trials, the phase will return to primary, which we call the return phase, and participants resume the primary phase from where they left off earlier. Primary trials will be analyzed as the first trial in the primary phase, secondary trials will be analyzed as the first trial in the secondary phase, and return trials will be analyzed as the first trial in the return phase. Average trials will be analyzed as the remaining trials in each phase (primary, secondary, return).

Participants will be performing the task over two visits under four conditions: two baseline conditions (no stimulus), heat pain pulses, and electric pulses. During each visit they will first perform the task at baseline, followed by one of the two stimuli. In the second visit they will perform the task with the stimulus not administered in the first session. In the input data file, the variable "ExternalStimulus" refers to the condition the task is being performed with, and "Session" refers to the order in which it was performed (1st,2nd,3rd,4th). The input file includes eight runs of the task, with 8 blocks per run. The task of interest is Branch.

I am analyzing correct reaction times and removing reaction times that are beyond 2 standard deviations of the mean for each phase type. I am analyzing error rates by identifying the proportion of inaccurate trials and subtracting the percentage from 100. I will create a summary csv file with average cleaned task performance (reaction times and error rates) for each phase type, which will be used to perform statistical analyses in SPSS. After each run participants rate the stimulus they experienced for 1) how intense the stimulus was from 0-10, 2) how salient the stimulus was from 0-10, and 3) how unpleasant the stimulus was from 0-10. Responses are saved in variables "Intensity", "Salience", "Unpleasantness". I will create a summary csv file with all 8 ratings for each rating type across runs and the average ratings across the session for further analyses in SPSS. Summary csv files will be saved in the "summary_data" folder. Figures visualizing task performance throughout the session and cleaned task performance average values will be saved in the "figures" folder.
